Dominique Pozo: disappeared on me.
Dianna Jaramillo: There we go.
Dominique Pozo: Good morning.
Dianna Jaramillo: Good morning. How are you
Dominique Pozo: I'm doing good.
Dominique Pozo: I'm doing well. Good, yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Good.
How about
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm pretty good. I suppose just just hear the usual
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, just been home of a lot
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Gosh, times fine too. I feel like we just met, and it was two weeks ago already how how's it been
Dianna Jaramillo: For the last two weeks, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: I guess, pretty much the same. I mean, I started getting together a few little things for to do the altars, you know, for my mom and dad like we talked about and I haven't put anything up yet, but
Dianna Jaramillo: Other than that, it's just, it's sort of been the same with everything.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Well, I mean, I find me talk to my, my dad a couple days ago.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right before law my birthday. Actually, yeah, it was on my birthday on the seventh and um
Dianna Jaramillo: And it was awesome. It was really nice. It was like everything was just great like normal. And, you know, like my dad was my dad and
Dianna Jaramillo: totally comfortable conversation, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Interesting and
Well, because
Dominique Pozo: The last
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that I heard it. Yeah. It wasn't like that. So it just
Dominique Pozo: It was just fine. Did you guys
Dianna Jaramillo: Did you
Dominique Pozo: Talk about that. No, you just let it be as it was. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, we just kind of let let things be, I think it was just more about my birthday. Well, his birthday is the day before my
Dianna Jaramillo: Birthday.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes. So, and we used to do something every year, go to dinner, whatever, to celebrate it. You know, so I think we're both just thinking about that. And so it was, it was just fighting happy conversation, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Oh good, and
Dominique Pozo: Did you let him reach out to you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. Yeah, he did. First thing in the morning.
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Dominique Pozo: I bet that's all good, just
Dianna Jaramillo: Hearing
Dominique Pozo: You know, hearing what you've been going through with them both your mom and dad. I imagine that felt good.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, I did. Of course I didn't hear from her from my mom, which is
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, that sucks, but I'm getting more and more used to it. I think I did hear from my sister. Actually, I've only talked to her like twice in the last five years.
Dianna Jaramillo: And they both
Dianna Jaramillo: They both times. I talked to her were like in the last month, I guess, or so and and she talked to her. She texted me for my birthday.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Oh, wow.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. Yeah, so that was nice to hearing from
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, just hearing from family here and there's nice feels great.
Dominique Pozo: I don't think I remember you sharing that you have a sister is she from your mom and dad, she has like a full blood sister or half sister.
Dianna Jaramillo: Half yeah half for my excuse me.
Dianna Jaramillo: God bless you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay. Is she an older sister. Yeah, she's just over a year older. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, so
Dominique Pozo: That's I'm happy to hear that your dad reached out. I know that that's, yeah, that's been a big ache for you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Around your day. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, it's it's weird because there's even when we talk. There's that underlying
Dianna Jaramillo: Theme. You know that underneath the surface conversation, there's that.
Dianna Jaramillo: That weird thing. And it's, I don't know, it just I think about, you know, am I ever even going to see him again.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know cuz he's late
Dianna Jaramillo: Late 60s now and
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, I just got to kind of let it be. I can't really dwell on it too much, and just drive me crazy. So I don't know, whatever.
Huh.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. And what I what I'm remembering to is you know you, it seems to me, and what from what I hear that you've reached out multiple times very vulnerable. He and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, there's a kind of a self preservation piece of not wanting to do that.
Dominique Pozo: At least right now because I
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I can imagine sharing with him like, Gosh, I
Dominique Pozo: I feel afraid. Sometimes, that I may not see you again, but
Dominique Pozo: You know, if you're not met with that vulnerability back it's it's almost like re wounding
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, exactly. And he's not. I think I said this before, but he's not a real super like emotional
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, you know, touchy feely lovey kind of person he's he's real dry and and just kind of always the same. Always level always the same.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know doesn't cry doesn't really LAUGH He's just always in the middle, you know and and in these very, very non confrontational.
Dianna Jaramillo: So he doesn't really like to talk about deeper stuff that might potentially cause a disagreement or anything like that. He kind of, you know, shy away from all of that.
Dianna Jaramillo: So I think, you know, that makes it hard to
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. And as you're speaking. I'm really curious about his chart because even while you're speaking I'm
Dominique Pozo: Thinking
Dominique Pozo: All right. Her Mercury's and Pisces, which I checked out.
Dominique Pozo: Or Mars is in Leo, which is like, you know, that's a lot of fire to bring
Dominique Pozo: Forward and your moons in Capricorn, which is, and I'll pull up your chart, but I was just as you're speaking. I was thinking, I wonder what the dynamic is between their charts.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, no kidding.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you can do. It's called sinister. You can do two charts and see how they line up or not. It's pretty
Dominique Pozo: Long
Dianna Jaramillo: But what's cool what
Dominique Pozo: Do you want to take a look at your chart, we can
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Show you what I'm talking about. Because I think it's what's helping you to not like some of the aspects I see or what I think is helping you to not take things on to, to, to, like, you can move through it.
Dominique Pozo: And it's something nice.
Dominique Pozo: Here with your moon in Capricorn. Do you know much about the type of Capricorn.
Dianna Jaramillo: No, no. Not a whole lot. So
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so, so your moon when we wherever our Moon is placed in our chart. It's our emotional body, it's like all of our feelings, our emotions and
Dominique Pozo: And it has a certain kind of like signature and it's under yours is under the umbrella of Capricorn and Capricorn is an earth sign. It's a fixed earth sign. It's very like practical and it can be very logical and it doesn't, it's not swayed too much by the emotions. So I'm, I'm just
Dianna Jaramillo: Thinking. This is a big
Dominique Pozo: It's a strength for you in dealing with things like your mother and father when it really hurts. I, I see you also have the capacity to step, you know, step outside of your feelings and see it for what it is because that's what Capricorn Capricorn can be pretty dry, actually. And just like
Dominique Pozo: How it is
Dominique Pozo: And so I think it's a strength for you for sure because what you're going through is painful with your parents.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. Wow, that's interesting.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean do you resonate with what I'm saying, like, even though you're
Dianna Jaramillo: A you're a
Dominique Pozo: healer. I can feel it. I see it I witness it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: What I see as a strength, potentially, is that you're able to assess the situation and not get lost in your emotions is that, do you
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, totally.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that that makes that makes a whole lot of sense for me because I do, I, I kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: Step, step back away from whatever it is and and really assess the entire situation. Yeah, I mean, really, I've always been like that. That's really amazing.
Dominique Pozo: This is your moon. And what I love about Capricorn that one of the great things is one of the visuals of Capricorn. It's the goat on top of the mountain. And it's like,
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, it takes a lot of
Dominique Pozo: Strength to get up there and then once you once one makes it up there like a goat did and does. They have a view of everything below. And so what you're saying is it really lines up with kind of the visual image of
Dominique Pozo: That sense of Capricorn is he's the goat on top of the mountain with a big view of everything.
Dianna Jaramillo: Wow. That's crazy. That is so cool. That is really, really cool.
Dominique Pozo: I know I I love astrology. I feel like it's really
Dominique Pozo: Such a powerful way to look at
Dominique Pozo: At personality structures, you know, it is so so that's one thing that I just wanted to point out, that's a big strength to carry and i i think i just want to like
Dominique Pozo: offer you that to continue to carry with you as you move forward that even when as all of us, you know, we're impacted. We get emotional things hurt, yet you have this very natural ability to you know get up to the top of the mountain and assess it off with a
Dominique Pozo: With a wide view, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. That's, I love that. That makes so much sense to me. I love astrology, too, because it really does say so much, it just
Dianna Jaramillo: Sorry it sheds a whole lot of light on on who we are. I think early stuff.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh my gosh. Sorry.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay. Yeah.
Baby
Dianna Jaramillo: Robert
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm sorry, go ahead. Dominique
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: So yeah, and that is totally opposite of like this is Scorpio here. This is Pisces.
Dominique Pozo: And this is cancer and you have some things there. We can talk about
Dominique Pozo: Them, but these are the water sign
Dominique Pozo: The
Dominique Pozo: Water signs they are
Dianna Jaramillo: Totally swimming
Dominique Pozo: In the emotions quite
Dianna Jaramillo: Often. That's like, that's
Dominique Pozo: That's their native territory. So anyways,
Dominique Pozo: Box that one and then another one I wanted to share with you was
Dominique Pozo: Was I telling you. Oh yeah, your mercury in Pisces. This is one that that I wanted to share so team. Do you know much about mercury and what mercury is all about.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm not. I mean, I used to. I went over a lot of this stuff. I was super into it when I was a teenager, you know, but I don't. I don't remember a whole lot of it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay so Mercury is the Sun, Mercury is the God that has the little wings on his feet.
Dianna Jaramillo: He on his shoes.
Dominique Pozo: You know, there's that and
Dominique Pozo: And he teacher versus the
Dominique Pozo: The upper world and the underworld. So he's like a
Dominique Pozo: Messenger He goes, and gives messages.
Dominique Pozo: From the gods to
Dominique Pozo: The what's happening down below and
Dominique Pozo: If we look at that as a
Dominique Pozo: Metaphor like you know from our conscious to our subconscious Mercury's
Dianna Jaramillo: Traversing
Dominique Pozo: This whole area and it's all about information gathering communication.
Dominique Pozo: sharing of ideas.
Dominique Pozo: And your Mercury's and Pisces and Pisces is a very
Dominique Pozo: Imaginative creative
During
Dominique Pozo: Aspect, and so I
Dominique Pozo: I think it's a great balance. You know that you've got
Dominique Pozo: This part of you that
Dominique Pozo: Relates to the world.
Dominique Pozo: With so much creativity and
Dominique Pozo: From the
Dominique Pozo: Pisces in
Space.
Dominique Pozo: So it kind of balances out the you know that that more dry earth energy, there's this very strong signature here of your Mercury's and Pisces.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh my gosh. That's crazy. Yeah, so
Dominique Pozo: These are these are strengths. I'm really wanting to highlight some strengths for you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Nice, how are you
Dominique Pozo: Do you have any questions, I mean another way that we can work with your chart is if there's an area that you feel kind of stuck in or or wanting some clarity around
Dominique Pozo: We can look to your chart for some guidance.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh my gosh. Let's. That's awesome. Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Geez, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean, if I if I sort of thought about it. It's just different areas and different aspects of things that are happening with me. Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, I'm sure I could come up with probably a ton of questions.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: Well, you can think about it. We can do it next time, or if there's something up for you today. We can use it but I'm just glad that I looked at your chart I was able to see a few things in here. One more thing I want to tell you
Dominique Pozo: You have a grand trine which is
Dominique Pozo: It's really special. I have one in water, you have one in fire. So I'm going to track. I'm going to trace this here you've got this is a perfect triangle.
Dominique Pozo: From your. So this is from your Neptune to your son, and then it looks like it's close to your Mars here in in Leo. So, so you've got a strong
Dominique Pozo: Fire is your ally like to be able to kick start things to motivate to inspire you've got that is a very natural strength that grand trine is it special. Not everyone has one
Dianna Jaramillo: And you have one owns
Dianna Jaramillo: A fire. Oh, wow.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so this is a, it's a real natural gift of yours, and it's also sometimes we lean into it too much because it comes so naturally that we don't develop other parts of ourselves. So it's, it's something I wanted to point out to
Dianna Jaramillo: And what what like
Dianna Jaramillo: What does that do like how, how does that affect my personality. Like, what does that mean
Dominique Pozo: Well, it means that you have a natural kind of there's a there is a an innate motivation and you
Dominique Pozo: To get you know you can you can get through a lot. You can move through a lot. You've got the fire like I i don't know too much of your history around whether you've dealt with depression or, you know, kind of
Dominique Pozo: Those yeah those experiences, yet I imagine with a grand trine and fire you could pull yourself out of a depression or a phone or, you know, if you're having a hard time, you will find a way out, because the firewall let you stay there.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, that's really true, too.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so that's
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay.
Yeah, okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's amazing. That's so cool. And that little circle that's there in the areas in the little area with above the Aries. Yeah, that what is, what is that
Dominique Pozo: Your son. So that's your sun sign
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh,
Dianna Jaramillo: Were you born
Dominique Pozo: So your sun sign is it
Dominique Pozo: Is and it's
Dominique Pozo: Right in the middle. It's
Dominique Pozo: Someone
Dianna Jaramillo: You're kind of breaking up a little bit.
Dianna Jaramillo: Can you hear me now.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, you're a little bit frozen.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right now.
Dianna Jaramillo: I can see you. Okay, not pretty here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Well, one thing that I see here with your son right in the middle smack in the middle of of the areas
Dominique Pozo: quadrant here is that like sometimes if it's a little closer to Pisces. You're, you're still like coming into that Aries energy. It's not fully
Dominique Pozo: Like you're not fully inhabiting it, you're still moving from Pisces into Aries and then if someone's a little closer to Taurus.
Dominique Pozo: Then you know they're kind of on their way out of that super willful fiery place and they're moving more towards the slowing down, have an earth.
Dominique Pozo: Energy, that's a little more sensual and that's the Taurus piece, but you're right in the middle. So I would say, your son is just like at its prime of Aries expression.
Dominique Pozo: Wow. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: It's cool.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's amazing. I always knew I was special.
Dominique Pozo: I know these charts. They're very affirming and, you know, they
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: I love looking at the chart and and really, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Focusing on the strength of a chart.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. And, and what would be considered like a weakness with the chart or or
Dominique Pozo: Well, I want to, to actually I do want to show you one thing here. So this is your North Node right here. See this little thing that looks like a tea and then a little horseshoe
Dominique Pozo: Yes, so the North Node. That's where this is where your greatest growth could be in this lifetime. If you choose to to to move in that direction.
Dominique Pozo: And what the North Node is where you're moving towards and where you came from, is really deep Pisces and Pisces that that is the energy of
Dominique Pozo: Creation and like, it's very big goodness it's expensive LIKE ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE. It's very dreamy creative
Dominique Pozo: And you're what I would say from just looking at this chart if I didn't know you, I'd say, Wow, this person has a very natural ability to, you know, imagine and create and they're very comfortable in that realm and
Dominique Pozo: And there one weakness. Here is boundaries are a challenge, you know,
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: Really knowing how to how to set limits and a name that and and so the that's where you know someone, someone who's got a North Node in Virgo. They know Pisces. They're moving towards something new. Virgo is all about.
Dominique Pozo: Like you know honing in and really
Dominique Pozo: Getting specific and and
Dominique Pozo: becoming very good at what I like one skill, not having an ocean of possibility but really honing in on refining something in their life or in their
Dominique Pozo: Community or
Dominique Pozo: Their life path, so I
Dianna Jaramillo: You know,
Dominique Pozo: What I love about looking at the North Node is that your work in this lifetime. If I were to read it through your chart.
Dominique Pozo: Is to really focus is to focus in on something and really get good at it, and it is you're offering the gift of when we really master, something is then we can share it. Then we become like the teacher, the
Dominique Pozo: We have something to offer so Virgo is all about service, how can one be of service in their
Community.
Dominique Pozo: And I think if you were to step into your highest expression, it would be to be of service.
You know, to
Dominique Pozo: To use all your creative capacity that you're really good at and to focus and hone it in as a gift to to your people.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh wow, that's that is really something because I, I, I couldn't agree more.
Dianna Jaramillo: So I could not agree more.
Dominique Pozo: So that's so this is cool because the North Node. It's almost my, my mentor calls it your curriculum. It's your curriculum in this lifetime. Like what are you here to do and learn and hopefully ideally we fulfill that it's, it can be a very satisfying life if we really step into that.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. Wow. Wow. And that's why every time that I've
Dianna Jaramillo: Done something or like, you know, when I when I am
Dianna Jaramillo: Being of service in, you know, in any area of my life. That's why I felt so just it just made me feel so whole anything
Dominique Pozo: Oh that's great that's such a good acknowledgement, it really
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, he affirms that
Dominique Pozo: You know when you have moved in the direction of
Dominique Pozo: Your note of your, you know, your souls curriculum that
Dominique Pozo: You do recognize like
Dominique Pozo: Okay, this is where I become whole. This is how I become whole
Dianna Jaramillo: Mm hmm. Really. Yeah, I felt it. I felt it many, many times and and while that's, that's amazing. That makes so much sense.
Dominique Pozo: And you have two very strong allies here so Saturn and Jupiter are also in Virgo near your North Node and these are great ones to have Saturn is like Saturn is the the energy and the archetype that can, it can keep a steady it creates schedules, it, it, it lives in the world of time schedule.
Dominique Pozo: Form creation, it's, it's like the get it done archetype. So you have
Dianna Jaramillo: This
Dominique Pozo: You have the capacity to do it.
Dominique Pozo: And then, yeah, Jupiter is this huge expansive like
Dominique Pozo: They call it the fortunate, like the benevolent planet of for good fortune.
Dominique Pozo: And so
Dominique Pozo: I just, you know, I, I see this as you have you've got a lot of good fortune in this
Dominique Pozo: In this area of your chart. Like if you if you really apply yourself. I think you
Dominique Pozo: You would do so you will do continue to do so well.
Dominique Pozo: In well in moving forward in that direction.
Dianna Jaramillo: Wow.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
It's
Dianna Jaramillo: Got it's just really
Dianna Jaramillo: That's that's really, really cool.
Dominique Pozo: There's
Dominique Pozo: A lot of strength there. That's what I see a lot of
Dominique Pozo: Strength there. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. Wow.
Dominique Pozo: And then let's see challenges you want to eat. Did you ask about challenges.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: So two things I see already are Pluto. So Pluto is the planet of like death transformation. It's he's the ruler of the underworld and Pluto is in Libra in your eighth house and the Eighth house is about
Dominique Pozo: Is also about kind of death and transformation and the great mysteries, so there's there's a very strong
Dominique Pozo: Energetic in Libra which Libra.
Dominique Pozo: is ruled by Venus and it's all about beauty and harmony and I what I see here is that maybe you know there's
Dominique Pozo: There could be some disruption, like maybe when when you get into a harmonious flow. There's Pluto's always wanting you to grow. And it's like, don't get too comfortable here, we're gonna
Dominique Pozo: We're going to kind of knock you on your butt and smack you a little so that you grow so you keep growing. But it's not comfortable
Dominique Pozo: Right. No.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so, you know, Venus, which rules Libra. She's it's all about like beauty and love and harmony, but this Pluto doesn't jive with that. It's like
Dominique Pozo: You can have it for a little bit.
Dominique Pozo: But I'm going to start up. I'm going to start the pot, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh, weird. That's interesting.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I don't know if that
Dominique Pozo: resonates with you at all. But I, I just see that
Dominique Pozo: There's a
Dominique Pozo: There's kind of a natural signature here around. There's in your lifetime, you know, you're going to probably be
Dominique Pozo: Pushed to keep growing and it's going to be tough, like there's a lot of descents that you'll take into the underworld, as far as like, okay, that needs to transform. So there's going to be a big rupture here some disturbing.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. Yeah, I know that that actually makes a whole lot of sense because that is very, very uncomfortable and in anything. I mean, oh my gosh. That makes so much sense. Anytime there's
Dianna Jaramillo: A CHANGE OR ANYTHING LIKE LIKE THIS. IT JUST skills. I think it just feels so much worse than then
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, but I just totally makes sense. It does.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and I I think just maybe something to keep in mind as a possibility is that
Dominique Pozo: You know when you're having a really harmonious
Dianna Jaramillo: Kind of fluid time
Dianna Jaramillo: To really appreciate, because
Dominique Pozo: Pluto's just around the corner, saying, okay, don't get too comfortable and
Dominique Pozo: I think, and I agree. I mean, if we can look at it at through, like, okay, don't get too attached to this recognize that change is always happening. It's just, it's really strong in your chart.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, right.
Dianna Jaramillo: Exactly.
Dominique Pozo: So maybe that
Dominique Pozo: Oh, go ahead.
Dianna Jaramillo: Well, I feel I mean I guess I've become more comfortable with it because that's been the case.
Dianna Jaramillo: My whole life. Like there's these big just massive
Dianna Jaramillo: It just feels to me. Maybe, maybe not so much but to me it just feels like these huge changes and it's just like
Dianna Jaramillo: non stop like oh my gosh, if I if I could if I could even tell you. Oh my gosh.
Dianna Jaramillo: Man, it's been that way, my whole entire life. And it's exactly like that like I've sort of
Dianna Jaramillo: Come to learn from, from my own experiences that yeah, don't, don't get too comfortable like just enjoy it. When, when it's common when it's smooth and when it's nice enjoy it because the other. It's not forever. It's not going to be there forever.
Dominique Pozo: Right, there's a real invitation to embrace change.
Dianna Jaramillo: In
Dominique Pozo: And I, and I see something else actually as we're looking so this is black moon Lilith.
Dominique Pozo: And this is something that's not always put into a chart, but I like to look at it and black moon Lilith is like
Dominique Pozo: She's the archetype of
Dominique Pozo: Like the High Priestess you know she was
Dominique Pozo: Cast out she was the part of, like,
Dominique Pozo: You know, you've got the mother Mary as an archetype, you know, the
Dominique Pozo: Good mother and then you've got
Dominique Pozo: The and then she's kind of like the prostitute. The black moon Lilith and she carries that that liberated feminine energy. And it's not that you're a prostitute, or that any of us.
Dianna Jaramillo: But it's right.
Dominique Pozo: That part of the feminine. That is, is liberated and has freed herself.
Dominique Pozo: And I see in your chart. But, you know, as you say, you know, you've you've learned over time to embrace change and and to recognize. Okay, this is, this is going to happen again.
That
Dominique Pozo: For strength.
Dianna Jaramillo: And
Dominique Pozo: You know, if it's if you keep cultivating that that liberated feminine energy
Dominique Pozo: It's it can become so strong, like almost like what's, what's the word
Dominique Pozo: Just the wise woman like the there. I believe anyone to to step into this wisdom comes through this continual, you know, kind of death and rebirth and transformation. It's what
Dominique Pozo: It's what's really
Dominique Pozo: Feeding that wise part of yourself.
Dianna Jaramillo: Mm hmm. Wow. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: That's cool at your black moon Lilith this there.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's so cool. Oh my god.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's all I'm so glad I got to see this.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, this is cool. There's one more thing. This is another
Dominique Pozo: Piece that where we often find challenges the cairon. This is the Cairo on right here, the little k with a circle here.
Dominique Pozo: And cairon is the wounded healer. So he was one of the in the mythology. He was one of the Centaurs the half man, half horse that
Dominique Pozo: Would run around and Achilles shot him in in the in his heel there and cairon is now the wounded healer. So he
Dominique Pozo: You know he he kind of walked with a limp and
Dominique Pozo: It's this is we all have it somewhere in our chart. We all have our limp and
Dominique Pozo: So we're I'm just looking at the limp that
Dominique Pozo: That I'm seeing. So it's in the third house which is all about like siblings and
Dominique Pozo: I don't know if any of this will resonate but third house is about the siblings and it's also in Taurus which Taurus is about like home security money all of the kind of base fundamental
Dianna Jaramillo: Piece, it's
Dominique Pozo: It's the. It's like the realm of sensuality and pleasure in the material world. And so I don't know. Do you, do you feel like that that's been kind of a struggle in some ways for you or no.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, oh yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Don't hold that
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, all of that. Everything, everything you just mentioned.
Dianna Jaramillo: Has been all all of it, the financial the
Dianna Jaramillo: Sibling the
Dianna Jaramillo: Everything. Yeah, that's all of that has been like a
Dianna Jaramillo: Like a
Dianna Jaramillo: Weakness or a limp, for sure.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. So okay, so, so the power of knowing where Olympus is to be extra vigilant like okay this is a place where
Dominique Pozo: I may struggle, you know, and
Dominique Pozo: Yet when I see what you have here with your North Node with Saturn and Jupiter in Virgo.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, and you know, I didn't mention also it's in the seventh house and the seventh house is all about, like,
Dominique Pozo: Your relationship community. So it's all about community.
Dominique Pozo: And connection.
Dominique Pozo: And so I think, you know, the more that you feed this, the more it will support your limp.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Like getting on track here is going to make it much easier to be here with ease.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. That makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: This is a natural thing. And I just, I don't know if this resonates. But when you say you had a hard time with your siblings.
Dominique Pozo: I think, too, because there's such a
Dominique Pozo: positive potential in the seventh house. You may create your own family that is not blood, but it's your, you know, a new family like through your friendships and, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Like you said your, your partner and his, his family. They're so kind with you that feeling may happen through the community that you grow and the family that you grow that may not be blood because your blood ones. This is where the limp is, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, that's, that's crazy.
Dianna Jaramillo: Seriously, God, I could not make more sense. Totally.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah, that's crazy because like it's always been easier for me to have that those kind of close bonds.
Dianna Jaramillo: That were not blood related, you know, like, like my whole life. I was I was more connected with and and had a tighter bond with with people who I was, had no no relation to
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's where, that's where your Jupiter comes in, have the good fortune I that makes so much sense. And it's really validating that there's good fortune in your community, you know, with the friends that you
Dominique Pozo: Seek out and that you choose to to really feed those and nurture those friendships.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think that's I'm sharing this because it could be a place to keep focusing, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, it's like, like you just mentioned to with my boyfriend and his family. It's like
Dianna Jaramillo: That's. Yeah, that's definitely something I would
Dianna Jaramillo: Just want to protect and
Dianna Jaramillo: Nurture and
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, keep
Dianna Jaramillo: Just close to my heart because it just is very, very special.
Dominique Pozo: To me.
Dianna Jaramillo: That those relationships. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's that's hopefully these are some good
Dominique Pozo: Maybe like guide posts on as you move forward, like how you can direct your energy, a little bit and your American
Dianna Jaramillo: Rightly. Yeah, exactly.
Dianna Jaramillo: Well,
Dianna Jaramillo: And what are those ones right right there past. Where's that the first
Dianna Jaramillo: House there.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, the first house. These two
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so let's see. So this is mercury. The mercury in Pisces. That's what
Dominique Pozo: I was sharing with you earlier that like you're
Dominique Pozo: You're in native ways of communicating and, you know, thinking and then connecting the dots and sharing information that comes from
Dominique Pozo: The energy of Pisces, which is very creative. You know, it's very feeling
Dominique Pozo: Not feeling based
Dominique Pozo: And sensitive, there's a real deep sensitivity and and I get that from you, like when you communicate. There's a lot of warmth and sensitivity there.
Dianna Jaramillo: Mm hmm. Um,
Dominique Pozo: You know, which is way different than Capricorn Capricorn is pretty dry like you don't i don't typically feel that much warmth from Capricorn, which is helpful because your moons in Capricorn.
Dominique Pozo: And you're feeling running is like the essence of it is here, but your way of relating and communicating has has a little more relate ability to it from the Pisces.
Dianna Jaramillo: Life, you know,
Dominique Pozo: And then this is Pallas Athena. This is an asteroid and Pallas Athena, she's
Dominique Pozo: She's like the
Dominique Pozo: The Independent Woman That is the she's the archer Athena's the Huntress
Dominique Pozo: In mythology.
Dominique Pozo: And she's, she's very on her own. And if I were to think about that. Well, it's in the first house which is ruled by Mars. Mars is is super solo, you know, he's the warrior. She's the she's the warrior s. And I think there's what I would say with when I think about that and it's in Pisces.
Dominique Pozo: I think there's a capacity to really be independent.
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: And there's still
Dominique Pozo: There's still a softness, though it's not it doesn't, it's not in a fire sign or an earth sign. It's very, it's soft. You know, there's like a an independence, but it's not really edgy or hard, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. Right. Yeah, that's, that's true, that's definitely true. Like, I totally can relate with that for sure.
Dianna Jaramillo: Interesting.
Dominique Pozo: Let's see one. We haven't touched on is, um, you're honest you're honest is
Dominique Pozo: So you're honest is kind of the god of like
Dominique Pozo: Is not conventional and wants to break the structures of of
Dominique Pozo: You know, like if society has certain
Dominique Pozo: Beliefs about how things need to be you're honest goes and blows it up and it's like, no, we're going to do this differently and
Dominique Pozo: you're honest is in Scorpio with you, which is a water sign so but Scorpio is the deepest of the water signs and is is there's a lot of power here. It's got a different energy than cancer and Pisces.
Dominique Pozo: And it's in the ninth house the ninth house is all about like philosophies and
Dominique Pozo: Not really. Not really religion so much but more like just spirituality and philosophies and
Dominique Pozo: I don't know if this resonates. But what I would read from this is that
Dominique Pozo: Maybe when it comes to life the way that life should be or needs to be. You don't really subscribe to that so much. There's a strong kind of independent thinking that goes pretty deep around like your belief systems, it's not
Dominique Pozo: Not really. Conventional is that
Dianna Jaramillo: Huge
Dominique Pozo: Huge. Uh huh.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that's, that is, yeah. Huge with me. I've, I've always always been like that too. I always felt like
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, this isn't the way it should be. And so I'm not going to do it that way.
Dianna Jaramillo: Even though that's, yeah, that's the way it is, you know, and that's how pretty much everybody does it.
Dianna Jaramillo: If I'm not. If I don't feel it and i don't i don't agree with it. I'm just not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it that way at all.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, and that's
Dianna Jaramillo: Totally. That's amazing. Oh my god.
Dominique Pozo: Scorpio is very intuitive. That's what I love about Scorpio Scorpio is got this capacity to see like Scorpio can see through all of the stories and the BS and
Dominique Pozo: Can just has this like laser vision.
Dominique Pozo: And that's a real strength here and and you know there's, I would imagine. And what I'm hearing from you to like you really trust yourself, you have the vision. You can see it and
Dominique Pozo: You're going to make the choices and kind of break the status quo, because you you have a deep sense of knowing what's right for you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: So that's another kind of affirmation to to just
Dominique Pozo: Like keep affirming
Dominique Pozo: That you may do it different. You may not live the way that you know your dad lives or your mom lives.
Dominique Pozo: And that you have your own philosophies about how what's right for you, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, definitely. And and and it's funny because both my parents are super. I'm like,
Dianna Jaramillo: By the book like they both did everything right and by the book and the way they do you know we're we're taught and raised that this you do it this way you do it this way you do it this way. And that's what you do. And that's what they both did
Dianna Jaramillo: And I am I could not be more opposite
Dominique Pozo: From now I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: Really, I'm like, the total opposite. That's amazing.
Dominique Pozo: It is amazing. Well, your child really says it i this is this is why I
Dominique Pozo: You know, I mean, astrology is kind of like some people may be like, What are you, you know, how can you read a
Dominique Pozo: Character structure through this through the planets. Although, you know, in talking with you. I have a sense of you, but I don't know you that well yet and rainbow.
Dominique Pozo: Rainbow these and to hear that.
Dominique Pozo: Gosh. Yeah, that's really right on. It's pretty awesome.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's, that's, it's incredible. It's really incredible how
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean your date and time and place of birth and I mean like you're just it just like it says everything about you. It says, Who will be who you are.
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean, that's, you know, your potential what what what you have the potential to be if you if you sort of, you know, listen to this chart in and make certain choices.
Dianna Jaramillo: It's just incredible. It's
Dianna Jaramillo: Really fascinating. It really, really is.
Dominique Pozo: Totally um
Dominique Pozo: There's one more thing as you're speaking that popped out to me and I really I don't
Dominique Pozo: I like to look at charts and wait for the planets to jump out and and be like, hey, look at me, and Mars. Just kind of jumped out and I think
Dominique Pozo: One more strength. I'm seeing is your Mars in Leo and Leo is a fire sign fire. You know that that goes really well with Mars because Mars is like, you know, get it done.
Dominique Pozo: That strong will yet Leo is so heart based Leo is just like such a giver come this there's a warmth and Leo that's
Dominique Pozo: It's different than like areas is more the warriors Sagittarius is kind of really just on his mission with the arrow shooting in a direction and the vision can get a little tunnel vision, sometimes but Leo's
Dominique Pozo: It's super warm and expressive and and like really values, love, and it's got that inner child caught the divine child is
Dominique Pozo: Wrapped up and Leo energy to and your
Dominique Pozo: Your Mars is there. And so I think maybe one, one last thing I want to say is that, you know,
Dominique Pozo: At least from what I see in your chart, the way that you express your will, in the world is warm. There's a lot of words there. And that's a strength. You know, it's, there's, there's a lot of fire.
Dominique Pozo: In your kind of a way that you can move through the world. But there's also a lot of, you know, care, and work with that so
Dominique Pozo: That's another strength. I'm seeing
Dianna Jaramillo: Wow. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: Does that do you can you do relate to that is that feel
Dianna Jaramillo: Totally completely. Oh yeah, definitely. There's
Dianna Jaramillo: All of that. Yeah, everything you just said and and honestly like sometimes I feel like that can be I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: Kind of a not like a weakness or a fault but um
Dianna Jaramillo: It can just, it can be it can be taken like yes like weakness. Because of that, that warm caring because I really do have that very, very strong. And I always have. And I'm like that with with everybody, you know, I mean, unless they give me a reason to not be but
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, that's just naturally how I am and how I move through the world and
Dianna Jaramillo: And but it can be looked at, like, I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: Like weakness like
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, like, because I don't know.
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know. I know what I mean. But I can't, I can't figure out really how to say it.
Dianna Jaramillo: Like people just look at that, you know, like I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: Like
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean, it can be good and it can be bad because there's some people that really
Dianna Jaramillo: Have
Dianna Jaramillo: Like a positive reaction to that in me.
Dianna Jaramillo: when when when they feel that are they sense that warm, kind of caring thing. There's, I mean a lot of people do. But then there's other people that it's like they really, really don't like that about me.
Dianna Jaramillo: And that's kind of the way it's always been like I feel like most people
Dianna Jaramillo: It's like most people don't really get give me a chance to get to know me at all in. It's like they either really like me right away from the beginning, or they really, really can't stand me right away from the beginning.
Dianna Jaramillo: And that can be hurtful. So like that whole warm caring thing can kind of turn around on me. I think and and end up where where it's kind of hurtful.
Dianna Jaramillo: Because I am so naturally one
Dianna Jaramillo: And
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, try to be kind to everybody, but it does end up hurting me sometimes.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know what I mean, like, it's, it's a good thing, but it's
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, I feel like I wish I could change a little bit of that and be a little bit more like
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know what the word is
Dianna Jaramillo: Like maybe more assertive, maybe that that would help if I was just more assertive, instead of just being too nice like so nice all the time like a people pleaser.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know,
Dominique Pozo: Well, your son is in Aries. I mean,
Dominique Pozo: What really what you have the capacity to radiate out is more that assertive.
Dominique Pozo: Nature yet what I what it keeps coming up as you say that is to really draw on your moon energy here, which is that is your emotional body and
Dominique Pozo: Maybe, maybe, here's something to think about as try not as an experiment. It seems like it's very natural for you to move through the world without warm yet. I would also see what it feels like to carry that warm climb the mountain look with perspective and be very discerning
Dominique Pozo: Around the area where you give that warm
Dominique Pozo: Because you don't have to give it to everyone.
Right.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah, that, that's it. That's the thing is, it doesn't yes and and that's that's the hard part for me that's the part that I don't know how to
Dianna Jaramillo: Do yet. I want to learn. I definitely want to learn. I want to get there. But yeah, it's like I just, I do. I just automatically give that to everybody and and I could definitely be more discerning about who
Dominique Pozo: You are. And that's where the lack of boundaries comes in your
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Your Mercury, which is the
Dominique Pozo: Connector the communicator. It's naturally like I can do it with everyone.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes, yes.
Dominique Pozo: Huge. It has no boundaries.
Dominique Pozo: And do the actually where you're moving towards your North Node is Virgo, which is definitely like a refining honing in being very discerning and
Dominique Pozo: And thinking, you know, thinking a little more, and you've got this moon in Capricorn, which is so helpful. It's, I think it takes slowing down because the divine child Leo's the divine child the divine child just like there's nothing
Dominique Pozo: Nothing's gonna stop it.
Dianna Jaramillo: And yeah.
Dominique Pozo: This is a child energy Virgo is more of the adult Capricorn is ruled by Saturn, which is the archetype of Father. This is the most paternal
Dominique Pozo: Signature in the chart. So you yeah I think as you say it's
Dominique Pozo: Something growing
Dominique Pozo: I think growing into these more more adult parts that are going to, you know, consider a little more and and think and make choices from the top of the mountain, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Wait, yeah. Wow.
Dianna Jaramillo: Amazing.
Dianna Jaramillo: This is all being just blows my, my whole little mind.
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Dianna Jaramillo: Wow, I mean,
Dianna Jaramillo: For every single part of that to really resonate with me and to really i mean i just i understood every single thing we talked about made so much sense.
Dianna Jaramillo: Awesome just yeah but just to know, you know, like there's this this guide right here. It's like a, it's a, it's like a guide. It's like our own very, very personal little guidebooks
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, oh yeah, this is our character structure. I mean, I've been looking at my chart for a long time and
Dominique Pozo: Still, I will still look at it like if I really sit with it and I'll see something new.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm going to
Dominique Pozo: Email this to you so you can look at it, it's a map.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, to. Yeah, right.
Dominique Pozo: And then down here. It'll give you all the aspects and these are things you can look up on your own, because it can go very deep so
Dianna Jaramillo: It'll tell you
Dominique Pozo: And I'll show you how to read it very simply like Mars right here. It trains your son, which is a trine is a very sweet aspect. It's like
Dominique Pozo: Mars and Leo.
Dominique Pozo: And and your son and areas they really complement each other and
Dominique Pozo: And you can look if you look online. What is Mars.
Dominique Pozo: Trying sun.
Dominique Pozo: Mars and Leo Chinese sun in Aries. What does that mean you can look that up. And then here's like a more difficult thing like
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, let's find a square
Dominique Pozo: So okay, so mercury and mercury in Pisces. I know that's Venus. Excuse me, Your Venus is in Gemini your Venus is squaring your Mars, so that's that's going to be a more challenging thing that you can look up like what does that mean squares are
Dominique Pozo: There's a lot more resistance there.
Dominique Pozo: opposition's these. This means an opposition is little circle with a line.
Dianna Jaramillo: So you've got
Dominique Pozo: Like mercury opposes your Saturn. That's another hard aspect. So
Dominique Pozo: So these are you could get really deep with
Dominique Pozo: Looking at the aspects.
Dominique Pozo: So I'll send that to you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh, awesome. So cool. Oh my gosh.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, here we go. So email. And then, what's your, what would be the best email to send this to
Dianna Jaramillo: The Harley girl.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Is it a Harley girl.
Dianna Jaramillo: AT HARLEY girl 1331 at gmail
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Dominique Pozo: Gosh, it's asking for this validation code. I can't even see what that is.
Dominique Pozo: Why
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. It was sent. Okay, so
Cool.
Dianna Jaramillo: So cool.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh my gosh, thank you so much for doing this and and and
Dianna Jaramillo: explaining it. And oh my gosh, thank you so much. That was, I knew it would just be amazing. But there was like like enlightening. I feel like I i learned just so much just looking at that with you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh, I'm in an hour. God
Dominique Pozo: I know, it's amazing.
Dominique Pozo: Cool. Take a moment, let's just let's because that was a lot of information. I just gave
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, for sure.
Dominique Pozo: I need him to be validated and like oh my gosh yes yes so
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: Take a moment and just some
Dominique Pozo: And just let everything settle
Dominique Pozo: It's all in you you know it all on some level, you already knew all this
Dominique Pozo: And maybe just see if there's anything in particular that really
Dominique Pozo: That you're
Dominique Pozo: You're gonna walk with or stands out for us something to think about.
Dianna Jaramillo: There's several things. I feel like a minute. I'm going to think about and
Dianna Jaramillo: I think paying attention to.
Dianna Jaramillo: There's a couple areas that
Dianna Jaramillo: I could work on and if I work on those things like the service.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, being the service and and
Dianna Jaramillo: I love doing doing those things that I love it and and and that's something I should be doing because that'll bring me joy, you know, bring me
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, fulfillment and and and that's something I definitely want to
Dianna Jaramillo: Want to work on and however I can
Dianna Jaramillo: Um, I don't know how much I could do right now because he can't really go anywhere, do anything but
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean like every time. Just something so simple. Every single time I cook well every day. I'm cooking and and I have these two elderly male neighbors and and they're both, you know, pretty, pretty beat up their bodies and everything. And one of them is way, way worse condition.
Dianna Jaramillo: And every time I cook. I make sure to take him some and that's just right here across the road, you know, and that's just something so simple that I can do that.
Dianna Jaramillo: Um, that just helps it just feels good to me.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, you know, and so I don't I don't necessarily have to go anywhere and do anything outside of my little neighborhood here but
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, but just to help out.
Dianna Jaramillo: Like I went in. I wash dishes. I cleaned his whole kitchen, the other day, and that that felt so good and it was just
Dianna Jaramillo: To do it you know
Dianna Jaramillo: Diana was
Dominique Pozo: Perfect. I mean you named it, you said you get a sense of feeling whole when you do these things. And that is exactly what you know your North Node in the seventh house in Virgo is all about being of service to your community. So
Dominique Pozo: That's amazing. Yeah, you're
Dominique Pozo: It's like you've got this
Dominique Pozo: Code now.
Dominique Pozo: Like if I follow this great I I know how to serve myself to, you know, a
Dianna Jaramillo: Great. Exactly. Yeah. To
Dianna Jaramillo: Be better and be feel better and and just yeah grow and learn and
Dianna Jaramillo: And try and just live the best that I can. That's what all that says to me, You know, just
Dianna Jaramillo: To follow that and learn from it is so awesome. Super cool.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm so happy. Oh, you're so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's my pleasure. This is my joy. It's part of my my work in the world to share these things. So thank you for
Dianna Jaramillo: For the
Dominique Pozo: Opportunity. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh, absolutely. I'm so glad so so glad we did that.
Dominique Pozo: All right. Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, do you want to look at your calendar, should we just
Dianna Jaramillo: did to me.
From
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, actually. Thursday's are better for me. So if, if you're
Dominique Pozo: Able to do
Dominique Pozo: Next, let's see the 23rd at this time.
Dianna Jaramillo: The 23rd at 11
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes. Yep. I can do that. I'll, I'll definitely do.
Dominique Pozo: Oh wait, hold on. No.
Not, not at all. No.
Dominique Pozo: So it would be one 1pm your time.
Dianna Jaramillo: 2031
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Does that work for you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah that'll work.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean I'm yeah I'm sure I'll still things will probably be pretty much the same. So it's not like we're going to be going out, you know, going anywhere. Going back you know doing anything anytime soon. So, but yeah. The 20 23rd at 1pm I got it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay. Great time
Dianna Jaramillo: Awesome. Thank you so much. Dominique, you have an awesome day.
Dominique Pozo: You too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.